#20161209 Technical Meeting 

**Date: December 9, 2016**

**Time: 11:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.**

**Agenda:**

1.	Provide updates and team introductions
2.	Metadata presentation by Katie Knight 
3.	LLNL scraper review
4.	TypeScript review

**Proceedings:**

1.	The technical meeting started with the latest updates. Two team members were named specifically to be the leading developers on the ingest side of DOE Code. After the New Year, the development side of the project will be made a priority. Project leads expressed to the team the significance of DOE Code and just how much the project is growing in scope and popularity. Team introductions were made to Katie, the presenter during the next portion of the meeting. 

2.	Katie Knight, a Metadata Librarian from ORNL, has been brought into the project to assist with the metadata from an architecture standpoint. In this part of the meeting, she gave a presentation which introduced metadata, defined terms that are commonly used when discussing metadata, showed simple mapping of DOE Code, described and expressed the importance of a metadata application profile, demonstrated the RDF data model, and more. Her full presentation can be found [here]( https://github.com/doecode/doecode/blob/master/docs/osti-technical/Metadata_Interoperability_tech.pptx). After the presentation, it was decided that mandatory mapping between DOE Code and E-Link is needed. An action item for the technical team was made to read up on RDF. At the next meeting, the team will discuss the technical implications of using this model. 

3.	The next portion of the meeting was spent going over the LLNL scraper and how it could be useful for the project. After review of the scraper, it was described as great for seeing mapping and an example of what you can get from the repo. Team members could see this being useful for displaying usage statistics in real time on the product page. This brought about conversation about having an analytics service branch out into either local analysis (information we will have already stored) and remote analysis (information we do not have stored, which would get pulled from a separate service). A suggestion was made to have speed tests to see how fast this information could get pulled in. 

4.	Lastly, findings from investigating TypeScript were discussed. Team members decided that this would be great to use for dynamic features on the front end. The meeting concluded with the decision that a demo should be given after the first of the year of TypeScript. 

**Conclusions/Actions:**

-	Need mapping between DOE Code and E-Link 
-	Read up on the RDF data model
-	Give Demo of TypeScript

