#20161007 Meeting - Handling Multiple Media for DOECode  

**Date: October 7, 2016**

**Time: 1:30 p.m. - 2:00 p.m.**

**Agenda:**
  1.  Purpose
  2.	Review of concepts/outline of software profile
  3.	Distinguish types of media
  4.	Discussions on infrastructure, cloning, caching, etc.
  
**Proceedings:**
  1. The purpose of the meeting was to discuss scenarios for handling multiple media. Currently, E-link can only handle one media (a single document attached or link to a metadata record). The goal is to be able to handle multiple media. 
  
  2. The project lead reviewed the concepts and provided the outline of the software profile.
  
  3. Next, the types of media were distinguished. The reason that these go further than the metadata field is that they need to be cached and archived. Each type of media was determined whether it should be indexed, cloned or reposted. 
 - Repo Link - clone & repost
 - Link to Docs – clone & repost links
 - Examples – index and clone or just repost
 - Forum – index & clone
 - Mailing List Archive – index & clone
 - Task Trackers – index & clone or just repost

  4. This brought about further conversations that included archiving mailing lists, including upload options, items that are compatible with existing infrastructure and items that would require a change such as walking or cloning, software releases, archiving software being a new process and a different mechanism than caching, how to clone a repository, extracting text to index, acceptance of archived files, etc. Under the assumption that repo is media, specs will be written on how to see multiple media working.
  
**Conclusions/Actions:**
 - Write specs/plan on how to see multiple media working

