#  20170324 Technical Meeting

**Date: March 24, 2017**

**Time: 11:05 a.m. – 12:20 p.m.**

**Agenda:**

1.	Cyber Security issues
2.	Scanning workflow
3.	The Wizard 
4.	Other Updates

**Proceedings:**

The meeting began with a question as to the configuration of our GitHub account, community or enterprise. Concerns relating to cloning were the impetus for this question, which should be a consideration for the June deadline. It was confirmed that we used the enterprise version. 

1. Team members proposed some cyber security concerns. During the scanning process, it was determined that proprietary content (i.e. keys) may be gleaned and the security team was curious as to whether everything should be scanned and whether it might cause an issue with customer satisfaction. The DOE Code effort is interested in scanning all submissions and that vulnerabilities or updates should be funneled to the labs instead of PIs. 

   It was also mentioned that keys, when found, should be erased from history so that they are not visible. A suggestion was made that a requirement be created to suss out the particulars of scanning implementation. It was decided that for harvested submissions, a link should be available for dissemination, not a link to the code.  

   They also wished to consider the impact of their firewall on harvesting. These considerations will be addressed in time for the June-July deadline. It was suggested that an organizational protocol for accounts within the organization be finalized and one team member was tasked with drafting this procedure.  Protocol for access and ownership of keys should also be decided on. Details on how the external codes should be maintained are still to be determined.   

2. Next, the topic shifted to file binaries and whether they would be acceptable means for submission, and if there would be limits. It was determined that zip files with binary attachments were permissible, but that a proper scanning of the content ‘hashes’ would occur upon submission. A [workflow protocol](https://github.com/doecode/doecode/blob/master/docs/osti-technical/ScanningWorkflowSubmission.jpg) was proposed where scanning of files and metadata ingest would occur upon submission. It would be a non-sequential process with updates available for each process, separately. Vulnerabilities and mining potentials of scanning were expressed.  

3. The lead developers discussed Wizard updates. Form validation and design were determined. They are in the final stages for both. The deadline was delayed for completion, but the application is set to meet the initial deadline. Code cleanup, drop-downs, and type ahead have yet to be completed.

4. An update on the Zenodo paper was presented. It was determined that there were some compatibility issues with using Zenodo as a code framework. There are three major areas that the DOE Code needs to address: code archive, search product, and account authorization. These will be considered with an emphasis on account details first. Specifics of account details will were briefly discussed.

   A debate concerning the use cases for Invenio versus Zenodo were discussed. Issues concerning business needs, man power, programming language, and the scope of the project were discussed for both software options.  
