# 20170602 Technical Meeting
**Date: June 02, 2017**

**Time: 11:05 a.m. - 11:30 a.m.**

**Agenda:**
1.	Front end demonstration
2.	Next steps
3.	User roles

**Proceedings:**

1.	A front end look at the DOE Code submission form was demoed based on wireframes provided by the Quality Assurance team. Some structural concerns were posed (i.e. button size, sections). The team proposed that the button sizes be uniform and that the sections be modified. They suggested versions where the ‘publish’ and ‘submit to E-link’ fields are on distinct forms.   

    One possibility would prompt the user to continue to submit after the project was published. Users would then be able to revisit projects from their profile page for a full submission to E-link.   

    Other items to be considered include profile pages, DOI assignment, login, YAML, API submission, and dissemination. Documentation must accompany all completed pieces.   

2.	The two main areas of focus for the coming week are archiving and authentication. Documentation for details discussed in previous meetings are available in the Github repo. Members of the technical team will communicate these particulars, using tickets, as each aspect of the project is implemented.   

3.	User roles were discussed. There will be a hierarchy of access which will determine the relationship to sites and software records [(see diagram for details)](https://github.com/doecode/doecode/blob/master/docs/osti-technical/20170602%20Technical%20Meeting%20Photo.jpg). The point of contact or site admin will have super user status (e.g. edit capability for all site submissions, can set access privileges for other submitters, etc.) and user details will be entered as metadata in the system. All roles will be defined by user tables after object orientation and associations are detailed.  
