#  20170707 Technical Team Meeting
**Date: July 07, 2017**

**Time: 11:01 a. m. – 11:42 a. m.**

**Agenda:**
1.	AWS database
2.	API/Authentication
3.	Archiving
4.	Metadata
5.	Dissemination


**Proceedings:**
1.	The meeting began with an update on the AWS database. It now works internally for all but the client side; there should be an update on its status, next week. The server is fully configured and access restrictions are functional. 
2.	The API for DOE Code is public. It was noted that the authority data can now access open API, after a recent E-link deployment. Documentation for API ingest and authentication for login and registration are in progress. 
3.	Problems with the archiver SSH keys are now resolved and their solutions documented. The team discussed options to link content in the archiver to the GitLab repo using metadata UUIDs. 
4.	The dissemination team is working on updating the metadata scheme. The process began by constructing UM models for common metadata frameworks (i.e. RDF, RDFS, Dublin Core, ADMS, SKOS). The final, metadata profile will be constructed from those elements.   

    For purposes of versioning and updates, each software record will be used to [‘route’ metadata](https://github.com/doecode/doecode/blob/master/docs/osti-technical/20170707%20Technical%20Meeting%20Photo.png), in light of the profile and from the profile/artifact, XML code can be generated. The team plans to make updates to the metadata index soon. This metadata artifact will be used, in lieu of existing documents, as a resource framework.   

    There is a new repo (with metadata and history) set aside for discussions, in GitHub. It was decided that relevant tasks should be entered as tickets there.
5.	As for dissemination, an output index and structure for the DOE Code site’s look and feel is in progress. Documentation will accompany any edits. Also, screen help text is being drafted. 
