# 20170407 Technical Meeting

**Date: April 7, 2017**

**Time: 11:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.**

**Agenda:**
1.	Development updates
2.	Status on documentation, testing, and build
3.	Publish-save workflow

**Proceedings:**

1.	The majority of the meeting was spent getting updates about development for the product. For the UI, the form layout has been changed to Bootstrap ‘accordion’ style, and is still in development. The developers are currently using a mix of React Bootstrap and Bootstrap CSS for styling, but envision just using straight Bootstrap in the end. The E-Link side of things hasn’t changed much and has been stable for a while. DOIs passing back are working. Client-side validation is being worked on and is meant to provide feedback. When all the required fields have been filled out, that particular tab on the form changes to the color green, and if not or if an error is present, the tab will be red. A point was brought up ab out the issue of a user who is red/green color blind, but there is text in place to go along with the color changes that would indicate success or not. Award validation is in, but not yet hooked up. There are plans to have this completed by next week. Another update was regarding GitLab installations. Previous conversations were had regarding storing sensitive information on the GitLab installation and how that will be handled. Some further details still need to be worked out, but the team agreed that there will be two different GitLab installations (one for repository services and one for archiving). Lastly, problems that still remain are mostly front-end things. 


2.	Next, the team provided the status on documentation, testing, and build. Documentation is mainly being captured on GitHub through issues/tickets, requirements document, etc. It was suggested for the developers to keep updating the GitHub tickets and to make this a priority as coding is taking place. For testing, there is some unit testing taking place on the server side, but no client testing yet. For the build, the plan is to have this in place by the 24th of April. A quick conversation started about the architecture and file system backup plans, and a suggestion was made to come up with failure scenarios and restore testing closer to the Alpha release. 

3.	The meeting ended with a discussion of the publish-save workflow. A scenario was drawn out where if someone is in the form, they can hit publish or save…if publish is hit, this gets picked up by the indexer. If that person goes back in after publishing, edits and clicks save, there was concern that this would not get picked up by the indexer. A solution was decided upon where the save button is for saving the initial entry then once it is published, if the user goes back in and edits, they simply re-publish and the save feature won’t be available.

**Actions:**
 - Come up with failure scenarios & have restore testing closer to the Alpha release
