#20170203 Technical Meeting

**Date: February 3, 2017**

**Time: 11:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.**

**Agenda:**

1.	YAML 
2.	Metadata
3.	Work accomplished this week, plans for next week
4.	Presentation
5.	DOE Code search
6.	Demo

**Proceedings**

1.	The meeting began with a team member presenting the YAML [template]( https://github.com/doecode/doecode/blob/master/metadata-schema/YAML_template_for_doecode_user.yml) and [map]( https://github.com/doecode/doecode/blob/master/metadata-schema/YAML_template_field_map.yml). The YAML map maps the fields in the user template to the controlled vocabularies in the metadata schema. It was mentioned here that the YAML workflow needs to be created into an activity diagram. Once this has been done, the template and map will be sent out to the DOE Code development mailing list for review and feedback. 

2.	A brief update was given about the metadata. A few minor adjustments were made to the fields and these will be updated in all appropriate documents on GitHub. 

3.	Next, the developers gave an update on progress made this week and plans for the upcoming week. They have been working on the demo for the upcoming Director’s meeting. One developer has been working on E-Link connectors and will put in IConnector interfaces. One will also work on pulling the frontend React UI and Java backend services apart. Time will be spent in the upcoming week polishing up the demo. 

4.	The presentation for the Director’s meeting is solid at this point. There will need to be a bulleted list of specific technologies the developers are using and plan to use on the project for the meeting.

5.	The team had conversations about how they saw the DOE Code searching working. This brought about the fact that the architecture diagram needs to be updated. The developers feel that the searching will not be a difficult problem to resolve. A couple of action items coming out of these conversations were for a couple of members to get together and map access limitations in the metadata schema and to discuss the persistence of limited data. 

6.	Lastly, a brief presentation was given by the developers showing what the demo for the Director’s meeting looked like so far. It was suggested to have a final record summary page of the information submitted. The project lead would also like to see a repo pull from YAML metadata. 

**Actions:**

-	Put in IConnector interfaces
-	Map access limitations in metadata schema
-	Discuss persistence of limited data

