#20170127 Technical Meeting

**Date: January 27, 2017**

**Time: 10:30 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.**

**Agenda:**

1.	AWS Discussion 
2.	Thoughts on GitLab
3.	Demo for Director’s meeting
4.	Technology stack plans
5.	Products for unit testing and developing React

**Proceedings:**

1.	To begin the meeting, the team discussed the possibility of using AWS (Amazon Web Services) for developing/hosting DOE Code and to plan cyber security needs. There are many benefits to using AWS such as alignment with the community, data processing, data management, etc. From security and technical perspectives, the team sees no issue with using this service for DOE Code. One member will get AWS set up for the developers.  If cost is approved, the team will proceed with developing and hosting at least the alpha release on AWS.
 
2.	Next, the team was asked to give thoughts on using GitLab for potentially hosting private projects and archiving projects on DOE Code. The developers mentioned that it was ‘nice out of the box’ and they would do further exploration of it. The link to test out the GitLab installation will be sent out to the DOE Code mailing list to get feedback from other members on the project. 

3.	In a couple of weeks, there will be a DOE Code meeting with the Director at OSTI to provide updates on the project. The goal is to have a nice demo covering some requirements to present at the meeting, ideally running on AWS. The team discussed what that demo should look like, which was sketched out on the [whiteboard]( https://github.com/doecode/doecode/blob/master/docs/osti-technical/20170127%20Meeting%20Photo.jpg). Styling will be done to the demo pages by using tabs, CSS styling to match the splash page, and other optimizations.

4.	The team then discussed technology stack plans. The developers have decided to use React UI for the project, as they found no compelling reason to continue with Vaadin. The team will work to split the demo into React UI for the frontend and Java for the backend. This is keeping with the ‘microservices’ development route. The developers are working to improve the overall workflow at this time, as well. 

5.	The meeting ended with the team mentioning different products to use for unit testing in the future (Selenium, Jenkins, Travis). To assist with development, developers also talked about using the text editor, Atom, and web tools in Eclipse. 

**Conclusions/Actions:**

-	Split demo into React UI and Java backend services 
-	Restyle demo pages
-	Get developers credentials at ORNL to test code.ornl.gov
-	Pull together PowerPoint for the Director’s meeting
