#20161028 Technical Meeting

**Date: October 28, 2016**

**Time: 11:00 a.m. – 11:35 a.m.**

**Agenda:**

1.Present UML Models of Submission Processes

2.Discuss Web frames 
 
**Proceedings:**
 
1.	UML Models of the submission processes were shared with the team for review and feedback.  The first reviewed was the model if one is submitting a new product as a grantee. For the ‘complete submission form’ box, some fields will be required, while others requested. The goal is to scan the code and auto-populate metadata and then have them fill in fields that are missing. Since this is grantee submissions, there is a block in place for identification purposes. The next UML model looked at was the new single submission if you are a lab researcher/developer/STI POC. For these submissions, there is no block since we can verify by a .gov email for example. The last model reviewed was the Lab STI POC Submission(s) through web API. The log in here is different by having to authenticate differently by using an access token, or programmatically since there is no login screen. A suggestion was made to number the wireframes and then make notes in the UML diagrams linking steps to the corresponding wireframe number. The team will pick this discussion back up in a couple of weeks. 

2.	A brief discussion of web frameworks took place, next. This conversation was about experimenting with Scout for the business side of things, as well as AngularJs for the quasistatic side of things. AngularJs would essentially be templating done on the client side. By bringing in java script, one can work on dynamic aspects and styling.  A proposition was made to develop a prototype using Scout and AngularJs to see how they work. Team members will work on figuring out requirements for the prototype, using Scout to draft metadata (work on simple input form or search from SciTech – just something to pull in and map to metatdata), and work on the implementation of the prototype. 

**Conclusions/Actions:**

 - Number wireframes in order to link to UML models
 - Develop prototype using Scout and AngularJs 
