#20170106 Technical Meeting

**Date: January 6, 2017**

**Time: 11:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.**

**Agenda:**

1.	Speed test demo
2.	Presentation of metadata application profile 
3.	Discuss development path

**Proceedings:**

1.	The meeting began with a brief speed test demo. This showed the difference in time between JavaScript vs. backend on pulling in GitHub data such as user data and project metadata. The demo showed that it is only slightly faster to use JavaScript. 

2.	Next, the first draft of the metadata application profile was presented to the rest of the team. This profile includes namespaces, established vocabularies, a proposed six classes, elements and more. The full metadata application profile can be viewed [here]( https://github.com/doecode/doecode/blob/master/metadata-schema/metadata_application_profile.md). A [sample json file]( https://github.com/doecode/doecode/blob/master/metadata-schema/exampleJSON.json) that shows namespaces and classes with properties using the same parameters as the application profile was also presented.  It was mentioned here that the technical team should become familiar with this to know how to implement it. Also, members of the policy and technical teams will get together to refine language used in the profile. 

3.	The last part of the meeting was spent discussing the development path forward. A goal has been set to have an alpha release of the product by January 1, 2018. This should be well-formed and accomplish all the major goals for DOE Code. The development path will take a “microservices” route by treating parts as separate services. The team will start with DOE Code-UI and the backend server. This led to conversations about members of the team testing out various web frameworks. The team will be looking at Vaadin, Angular 2, and Mustache and giving demos on these to the team. These demos should be committed to the DOE Code repo. 

**Conclusions/Actions:**
-	Refine language used in the metadata application profile
-	Give demos of Vaadin, Angular 2, and Mustache and commit them to the repo
