# 20160930 Technical Meeting
**Date: May 19, 2017**

**Time: 11:10 a.m. - 11:51 a.m.**

**Agenda:**
1.  Front end changes
2.  UI
3.	Dark Archive
4.	User Authentication

**Proceedings:**
1.	The meeting began with an update on the mockups and wireframes for the front end configuration. It will be dynamic enough to incorporate new requirements (e.g. fields, publish vs submit)
2.	Discussed UI assignment for projects submitted or published via the DOE Code. A ‘pre-generated’ version, containing a unique prefix and sequence will be temporarily assigned pre-submission/publish and permanently upon completion. 
3.	The dark archive is currently set to fetch and import info from GitLab API with a URL. A file will be sent to the server, that file will be uploaded and unzipped, and then sent to a server where it will perform validations. The content will then reside in the archive. Specifics on how this might operate within a ‘server push or pull’ model is still to be determined [(see image for details)](https://github.com/doecode/doecode/blob/master/docs/osti-technical/20170519%20Meeting%20Diagram.png).   

    The team then discussed specifics pertaining to file permanence (tracking provenance) post submission. They considered whether a file proxy (name) or file should be housed indefinitely, given size constraints. They also discussed methods of linking records to the archive.   

    The team also discussed validation protocol for metadata versus file security (i.e. malicious files) and best practice for removal in the latter case.   

4.	Finally, it was determined that Shiro will be used as the working framework for DOE Code user authentication because of structural nuances (such as ‘user realms’), which increase robustness of the system and address all, pertinent, user cases. 
