#20161014 Technical Meeting

**Date: October 14, 2016**

**Time: 11:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.**

**Agenda:**

1.	Discuss tools designed to exploit GitHub
2.	Go through Zenodo findings 
3.	Look through remaining wireframes

**Proceedings:**

1.	The first discussion of the meeting was about tools designed to exploit GitHub, how it works, and how to deal with it. After some conversation, team members agreed that the purpose is to have everything public, and we shouldn’t be putting anything into GitHub that is not public information. It was decided that associated people should have to acknowledge policies so that they are aware of the vulnerabilities when posting code. 

2.	An action item from the last meeting was to continue to look at Zenodo and its API. We wanted to look at whether we could get the repo address and DOI. The findings showed that some have the address, and some don’t. There appeared to be data that we could get. It was also discovered that we could get DOIs from Zenodo that would provide us with the basic metadata. If the person submitting software gives us a Zenodo DOI, but doesn’t give the repo, we should ask them for it. It was noted that we will have to do this with any third party. For API examples, sample searches were done. These should be posted to the ticket on GitHub, having the examples in the issues. It was concluded that we should be able to work with Zenodo. 

3.	The remaining wireframes that were left to be reviewed were looked at and suggestions for changes were made. For the ‘Add Edit Author’ wireframe, the E-mail field should be changed to Primary E-mail.  A new wireframe for the add button for adding affiliations should be created.  There should be a table added including sample text with ‘Type’ and ‘ID’ columns. A selectable dropdown menu should be added to be able to select a ‘Type’ with ‘Other’ included as one of the options. If we get enough of the same ‘Other’, it should be added to the list. Example table below:

| Type | ID |
|------|----|
|GitHub|jayjaybillings|
|Journal|Jay Jay Billings|
|Journal|Jay J. Billings|
|ORCID|    |
|E-mail|    |


   For the ‘Software Profile’ wireframe, a screenshot of SciTech should be taken and added for review next meeting. For the ‘Author Profile’ wireframe, there should be links to code and publications data. Under the contributions, there should be sections that include: Software Publications, Data, Ranked List of Co-Authors, etc. The ‘About Page’, ‘Documentation’, and ‘Contact’ wireframes were also reviewed, but no changes were need at this time.  
  
**Conclusions/Actions:**

 - Update ‘Review Zenodo’ ticket on GitHub to post API examples 
 - Write up report on wireframes once changes are in place
