#20170120 Technical Meeting

**Date: January 20, 2017**

**Time: 11:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.**

**Topics for Discussion:**

 - Author affiliations - ensure correct in mock-up and represented in our Metadata
 - Internal repository and workflow - priority for week beginning 1/23. 

**Agenda:**

1.	Announcements 
2.	Discuss ‘Author Affiliations’ field in wireframe
3.	React & Vaadin Demos

**Proceedings:**

1.	The meeting started with a few announcements. Starting at the next meeting on 1/27, technical meetings will be held weekly instead of bi-weekly with the project leads and the lead developers only. Other members of the technical team will be pulled into meetings as needed. Also, markdown files will be created in advance for each meeting in order to add in topics for discussion.  Finally, at the next meeting, the focus will shift to internal repository. 

2.	It had been discovered that the ‘Author Affiliations’ field was not set up correctly in the wireframe ‘Add Edit Author’. The team decided to separate out the ‘Author Affiliations’ field as its own separate fillable box with a dropdown menu. Also, the team proposed to change the name of the Type and ID chart to ‘Identifiers’ and move it to the ‘Create New Account’ wireframe. These changes are to be made to the wireframes and uploaded to the GitHub repository. 

3.	The last portion of the meeting was spent by team members presenting demos that showcased two prototypes, [React](https://github.com/twelsch1/react-demo) and [Vaadin](https://github.com/doecode/doecode/tree/master/demo). Technical discussions followed each demo about how each of these could handle everything that needs to be accomplished with DOE Code and that styling should be fairly simple with either. A couple positive things about Vaadin were mentioned about it having commercial extensions and that the company has been building security with a secure model behind it. The lead developers are going to continue to look into both of these to determine which will be best to proceed to use for the project. 

**Actions/Conclusions:**
 -	Make discussed changes to wireframes and upload changes to GitHub 
