#  20170629 Technical Team Meeting
**Date: June 29, 2017**

**Time: 10: 05 a. m. – 11:06 a. m.**

**Agenda:**
1.	Submission form
2.	Authentication
3.	API
4.	Archiving
5.	Dissemination and Metadata
6.	LLNL Demo

**Proceedings:**

1.	The meeting began with a demonstration of the DOE Code submission form. There is now a DOI reserve feature as well as an option to publish and submit, step wise or out of sequence.  
2.	Authentication for login and registration are in progress. Individual users can set authentication and roles for subsequent users; the system responds by implementing access accordingly. 
3.	Details related to the server-client repo relation and the use of API was of particular interest to LLNL. Documentation for API ingest is being written and is in preparation for the AWS test environment. The DOE Code roadmap, for the alpha deployment, will be submitted to GitHub. Tasks related to the map will be submitted as issues while they are in development. 
4.	The archive workflow is under construction. The OSTI systems team will be consulted for assistance with the SSH keys and firewall. Progress on the archive will be tested in the AWS environment. The archive structure was outlined for LLNL. It was described as containing 1) all submissions/repo links and 2) source code for restricted access materials. 
5.	Dissemination will be discussed in further detail next week. Requirements are well defined and documented. Metadata mapping is under construction and Katie is heading the effort. The metadata scheme exists as 3 separate parts (code, canonical metadata, and updates). The end goal is to consolidate and create a single scheme, or [metadata model](https://github.com/doecode/doecode/blob/master/docs/osti-technical/20170629%20Technical%20Meeting%20Photo_Metadata%20Model.png) that supports versioning and regenerates updated code, mappings, and documentation. Standardization should promote use and open source potential. 
6.	LLNL demoed its software portal for all released contents it supports (i.e. unlimited, open source). The portal aggregates repos in GitHub for all qualifying organizations. The portal can be searched by organization, language, and label. It has the potential to curate all DOE funded software, increase collection comprehensiveness, gauge submission compliance, and identify gaps. 


