# 20160930 Technical Meeting
**Date: September 30, 2016**

**Time: 11:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.**

**Agenda:**
  1. Discuss possibilities for accepting DOIs generated by Zenodo
  2. Review wireframes
  3. Discuss the ‘Supplemental Information’ section
  
**Proceedings:**
  1.	The meeting opened with the discussion of accepting DOIs generated by Zenodo. It was concluded that from a technical perspective, these DOIs could be received if the policy team decides that it would be beneficial. A suggestion was made to have a question to the submitter asking if their code is registered with Zenodo, and if so to enter it into the field. However, additional research about Zenodo and their API to see what all is available is needed before making a decision.
  
  2.	Some of the wireframes were reviewed, and suggestions for changes were made during this time.  The first to be presented was the ‘Account Dashboard’. A question was asked about how releases will be defined. This was a question to be moved to the policy team. For the ‘Account Settings’ wireframe, it was decided that the author pseudonyms section and the GitHub Accounts section should be merged.
  
      A few suggestions for changes were made for the ‘Create New Account’ wireframe. One being changing the columns for the ‘Other Author Psuedonyms’ section to ‘Name’ and ‘Type’, having a drop down menu for the type identifier. It was mentioned here to include an ‘other’ option in the drop down field and then having someone review the information submitted to ensure it is a legit entry. Other changes made to this wireframe included moving the Username/Password section to the top and to remove the CAPTCHA section, as this would not be the best way to prevent automatic submissions; following the SciTech model may be a better option for this.
  
      For the 'Add Edit Author' wireframe, it was suggested to consider including not only the author, but also other types of contributor/contributing organizations. Another discussion here included the topic of having a field to include other names used by the author to collect as many name variations as possible. It was noted that this is what an ORCID was designed for, and that it may be useful to move the ORCID field to the top in order to auto-pop information if the author has one. 
      
      The last wireframe to be reviewed was the ‘Software Profile’. This would be equivalent to the Details page and that addendums to this wireframe would be determined in the future. 
      
  3.	The plans for DOECode not only include the ability to link to references (papers, data sets), but also to other documents, manuals, examples, charts, forum links, etc. It was decided to schedule a separate meeting to talk about how to handle multiple media. Currently, there are not specific labels to give to these items in the ‘Supplemental Information’ section. This brought about discussion on what items will be supported in this section and that a controlled vocabulary is needed since these media files will need a label. Lastly, a question was asked about whether we will assign each of these items a separate DOI. Team members were inclined to say no, but that it may end up being case dependent. 
  
**Conclusions/Actions:**
- Conduct additional research on Zenodo and its API to see what is available
- Develop a controlled vocabulary for supplemental data
- Schedule a meeting (for next week) to decide how to handle multiple media
-	Make suggested changes to the wireframes
