#  20170623 Technical Team Meeting
**Date: June 23, 2017**

**Time: 11: 03 a. m. – 11:51 a. m.**

**Agenda:**
1.	Submission form 
2.	Authentication
3.	Dark Archive
4.	Looking forward

**Proceedings:** 

1.	The meeting began with an update on the progress of the submission form. The form is divided into two sections, one for publish and another for submission. Each section is delineated by buttons that specify actions that can be taken and all projects can be revisited, via a link, from the user portal. 
2.	Challenges of implementing authentication parameters were discussed (i.e. infrastructure, SSL and cookies, security).   
  Protocol for distributing API keys were also discussed.  It was determined that a user, upon confirmation of registration, would receive access to their API, on demand, as in GitHub. The team may assign multiple keys for purposes of functionality in various use cases. 
3.	There is work being done on the Dark Archive to utilize SSH, encryption protocol, so that it can effectively communicate with the GitHub repo in live cases. There was also a discussion of the versioning protocol that will be applied to the archive infrastructure; it was determined that the protocol would require maintenance as needs develop. 
4.	The DOE Code plans to address their dissemination protocol and metadata index in the coming weeks. Furthermore, a meeting with an LLNL partner will take place to gauge opinion on the current state of the submission form and to solicit advice on all progress thus far. 
