#20170223 Core Team Meeting 

**Date: February 23, 2017**

**Time: 2:00 p.m. – 2:20 p.m.**

**Agenda:**

1.	Recent meetings 
2.	Metadata update 
3.	Current development work

**Proceedings:**

1.	The meeting started with mentioning a couple of meetings that happened recently. Last week, members of the DOE Code team held a meeting at Headquarters to introduce the project to various program managers of the Office of Science. Everything was well-received and the team received good suggestions and feedback. One suggestion was to consider integrating with PAMS, or at least to get with PAMS contacts to get the DOE Code link on their site.  A policy discussion coming out of the meeting was to explore if B&R code is the right thing to track for proposals. A few team members will research this to make an informed decision. Another meeting held recently was the Director’s meeting at OSTI, which went very well. Next week, the project lead will be presenting a poster at the SIAM Computational Science & Engineering Conference (CSE).

2.	Next, a metadata update was given to the team. The metadata application profile has been updated to an abbreviated version to make it more readable. Also, a YAML file has been created for researchers to fill out and put in their repository for auto-population uses. This file maps to the metadata schema. This YAML file was well-demonstrated in the recent Director’s meeting. A point to think about was given to the team regarding dealing with organizations in the future instead of just putting a YAML file in each, single repository. A Core team member will test out the YAML file in a repository and give feedback on the file and process. 

3.	The developers are currently working on DOI registration. They have plans to have this in place for the DOE Code alpha release. In addition, they are working on the overarching list of requirements for the alpha release. These requirements are located [here]( https://github.com/doecode/doecode/blob/master/docs/requirements.md). The meeting adjourned with the next meeting planned for next month. 

