#20161206 Core Reqs Team Meeting 

**Date: December 6, 2016**

**Time: 2:00 p.m. - 3:00 p.m.**

**Agenda:**

1. Brief Updates
2. Team Introductions
3. Get thoughts and feedback on blog article 
4. Go over GitHub repo 
5. Adjourn

**Proceedings:**

1.	To begin the meeting, a couple of updates were given to the team. Since the last meeting, the project lead attended the Supercomputing 2016 conference, where he presented for about 30 minutes, but answered questions for about one hour. This proved to be a very good presentation and a great opportunity to share DOE Code news and answer important questions. Also since the last meeting, three other requirements teams have met and scheduling is in the works to have three more.   

2.	A new team member was added to the Core Requirements team, so members made introductions. 

3.	Following the last meeting, the blog article about the DOE Code effort was shared. At this time, feedback was gathered about the contents of the blog. The first discussion was about automating as much of the submission process as possible to keep a low overhead. Conversations led to the use of using scrapers to get as much metadata as possible. It was noted that there will always be a web form to fill out, but the team is working on automating what can be and other things to improve ingest. It was pointed out that it can be cumbersome to fill out the same form several times. This brought about discussions about the metadata schema. The team has an expert working to bring the metadata in line with metadata schemas to provide standardization. The goal is to not settle on any one schema but focus on developing mapping between ours and other schemas. A question was asked about if users will have to comply with both additional metadata fields in the Federal Source Code Policy that they have that we do not. A note was made here to discuss this in the next Policy team meeting. Another feedback point from the team was that the blog lays out a great background and guidelines for developing, but was missing what features to expect from the system. The project lead has a longer ‘white paper’ that contains more details that will be posted on GitHub to address this. Lastly, it was suggested that an approved “tweet” be written and given to team members to distribute on twitter or the user homepage to help socialize the blog.

4.	The next portion of the meeting was spent giving a GitHub tour via the share screen option of the Zoom meeting. The location of where documents, diagrams, issues, etc. are being updated in the repo were shown. In the future, repos from developers will be here or forks from their repos will be made available. The idea is that once it is full of source code, the documentation will be next to it, so that everything is traceable. There are also plans to prototype after the holidays, and it was suggested that if anyone has a good idea for a prototype to open a ticket on GitHub, and the Technical team will work on it. 

5.	The next meeting is scheduled for January 12th, 2017, where the Core team will discuss the full requirements document and anything else that arises between now and then. 

**Conclusions/Actions:**
 - Ask Katie Knight about metadata fields in Federal Source Code Policy and compliance with additional metadata fields that are present there, and not present in our metadata at the next Policy meeting
 - Write up a “tweet” that team members can use to socialize the blog on twitter or the user homepage
