#20161101 Core Reqs Team Meeting

**Date: November 1, 2016**

**Time: 2:00 p.m. – 2:35 p.m.**

**Agenda:**
 1. Discuss Supercomputing 2016 (very briefly)
 2. Provide updates about current work and progress on DOE Code
 3. Gather feedback from team members
 4. Topics for next meeting
 
**Proceedings:**

1.	To begin the meeting, it was asked if anyone would be attending Supercomputing. Jay Jay Billings will be attending and presenting at the DOE booth. He invited anyone on the team or their colleagues that would be attending to stop by and sync up with him. 

2.	The majority of the meeting was spent giving updates on the progress and current work being done for DOE Code. Since the last meeting, there has been a list of meetings created and posted to GitHub. There have been a lot of requirements meetings and a few meetings taking place at other locations. Notes from the meetings have also been provided on GitHub. The Policy team has been focused on OSTI’s metadata and hope to have a draft by COB Friday. They have also been working on 3 different scenarios for the submission of software. Pictures and activity diagrams of these have been created and specific areas of these models will be fleshed out in more detail in meetings to come. The Technical team has been designing wireframes and trying to link them to the activity diagrams, testing web frameworks, and creating prototypes to test the new metadata specs. In addition, a new blog article that describes DOE Code and what it will provide for DOE customers is coming out in a few days. It was noted that whenever the blog comes out, a whitepaper will be posted to GitHub that contains more details. 

3.	Next, feedback was given from team members. It was said that the blog and whitepaper describing main goals and initiative of DOE Code is great. Suggestions were made including having user tests for users to give feedback on design and software and having a visual representation of the schema.

4.	For the next meeting, the blog, whitepaper, and metadata will be reviewed through a Zoom meeting. 
