#20160921 Meeting – ESTSC Reinvention STIP Call
**Date: September 21, 2016**

**Time: 12:00 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.**

**Agenda:**
  1.	Introduce Topic
  2.	Reasons for Reinvention
  3.	Plans for Project
  4.	Questions/Answers
  5.	Invitation for Requirements Team Participants 
  
**Proceedings:**
  1.	The topic of the meeting was introduced as the ESTSC reinvention for the submission of software. This will be a huge push over the next 24 months.
  
  2.	A few reasons for the reinvention were pointed out. Currently, the ESTSC splash page directs one to E-link for the submission of software and to SciTech Connect to request software. One reason for re-building is to improve this and provide a best-in-class service. Another reason is that a large amount of software is being missed. The current number in ESTSC does not cover all of the DOE space. Lastly, there is a need to incorporate changes that would provide a more modern way of interacting. These changes include embracing open-source code, collaborative and multi-institutional software development, and the fact that software development is now a social activity, not just part of a job.
  
  3.	A few future plans were mentioned that include:
   - To have many different requirements teams, with STIP as its own team
   - Continue to look at branding - the contending name now is DOECode, which already has its own repository on GitHub
   - To have the first product within 18-24 months
   - To have OSTI and own individual sites with capabilities to link to the product
   - To move from a static ESTSC to a more dynamic DOECode
   - Improving community backing by working on outreach activities

  4. A series of questions and responses followed. Topics that were discussed during this time included the linking of specific sites’ portals to the new system, notifications of when a researcher adds a project to the system, interactions between OSTI and Zenodo, how limited software will be handled and if it will be required to be announced, availability of a web service for submission, advanced features such as security scans, how quickly DOIs will be available upon submission, assurance and clarity regarding compliance, ability to link software to publications/authors resulting in the possibility for citation counts collection, stream-line ways for limited software batch submission, community outreach, if double counting applies when announcing at OSTI, and definition clarity around software and what actually qualifies.

  5.	An invitation was given for anyone in the STIP Community interested in serving on a requirements team to contact Jay Jay Billings. 
  
**Conclusions/Actions:**
  - Review Zenodo/look at if DOIs generated by Zenodo can be accepted
  - Address in policy meeting clear guidance on whether it is required to announce limited software
  - Look at stream-line ways for batch submission of limited software
  - Address software definitions and what should qualify (i.e. would a couple of lines of code qualify?)
  
  
  
