##20160929 Meeting - Business Development/TechTransition Teleconference

**Date: September 29, 2016**

**Purpose:** to share information and ask questions regarding business development and tech transition activities and points of contact from contacts across DOE complex including laboratory, site office, legal and tech transition contacts

**Discussion:**
-	Transparency is valued, appreciated
-	Charity—will DOECode feature social sharing features?  Jay—yes (GitHub; and etc.?)
-	Licensing…
-	Submission workflow less paper…
-	Scan repository…
-	Reviewing metadata- author, name, email in  logs; other information can also be scraped (note—LLNL is scraping via GitHub)
-	Where not open source but announced, the information can be scraped
-	Tech Transition—easier; not just IP…
-	NREL—provide the code they’ve used; success story…
-	Legal POC’s—OSTI and ORNL DOECode team members have worked with Daniel Lamb, ORO, and John Stolpa, NREL; others?
-	Office of Tech Transition—how do we prepare for and how to get code out?
-	Inconsistencies in how codes were posted; now, LLNL has/uses GitHub community
-	LLNL software catalog is linked at:  
	- http://software.llnl.gov/ 
  -	https://github.com/LLNL 
-	“Repo” scrape
-	Jay mentioned some ORNL highlights:
  -	Posting their own version of DOECode (plug-in architect)
  -	Dave Sims, ORNL, is interested in the “buy” feature
-	All feedback welcome via GitHub
  -	All open source
  -	Source code is pending additional requirements work
  -	Using Travis CI
  
**Conclusions/Actions:**
-	10/4/16—requesting attendee clarification of Discussion notes and to confirm actions
-	DONE—Charity will send information and links re:  Ian Lee recent GitHub Universe presentation about LLNL’s newest improvements—http://software.llnl.gov/; https://github.com/LLNL; https://youtu.be/Uflvf8l0NLY
-	Contacts:
  -	Charity offered to make introductions between the Business Development, TechTransition, OSTI, ORNL, other labs and others in the software community
    -	Dave Sims, ORNL
    -	Anne Miller, NREL
    -	Dorrie ?, NREL
    -	?, PNL
    -	Ushma Kriplani, ANL
    -	Matt Love, LBNL
    -	[others not captured]
  -	Charity will set up a one-on-one discussion between Ian Lee, LLNL, and other DOECode interested parties
  -	LLNL Legal—though Charity’s interests/role in Business Development differs from legal, she would like to learn who the legal POC for LLNL software is
-	LLNL is moving from paper to electronic so they would appreciate OSTI providing the latest metadata requirements.  Jay mentioned finding DOECode Team meeting minutes under docs on github.com/doecode/doecode.

