#20161021 Meeting – DOECode Core Team Teleconference 

**Date: October 21, 2016**

**Time: 11:00 a.m. – 12:10 p.m.**

**Agenda:**

1.	This meeting was a discussion with a member of the core team from LLNL to talk about DOECode. The first thing asked was what his current knowledge of DOECode was. He explained that he knew little about it, and that his current understanding was from the README page, the DOE skeleton site, and the issue tracker on GitHub. He asked if we knew about the Federal Source Code Policy (code.gov repo). It was answered that yes, we have been following, but haven’t yet moved in the direction to be in contact with them. The hope was that this meeting would help move us in that direction.

2.	The next portion of the meeting was spent explaining DOECode. It is to be a social platform for software, an aggregator where code is held with a common look and feel. There will be capabilities to link to researchers, code, data, papers, etc. in one place. With the web API, users will be able to programmatically pull down versions they want. Other things offered will be analytics, downloads, security analysis, the ability to look at long term research trends in software, etc. Essentially, this will be engaging the open source community. DOECode will be connecting to GitHub (and others) and will also provide a place to host for people that can’t use GitHub. Steps that have been taken so far include outreach, requirements gathering, prototyping, and working on web frameworks and metadata. The team member explained that this sounds very similar with what he has been working on at LLNL (software.llnl.gov).

3.	This led to conversations regarding reporting, metrics, and analytics. He mentioned the LLNL/scraper tool used for scraping and visualization of open source data from GitHub, which he hopes to work to make available for everyone and not just those at LLNL. He gave an example of another script that would make sure every repo on GitHub has, for example, the code release number in the right place. You would run the script to find what the code number is in the license file, and if not there, be able to find it or to fix. Essentially the goal would be to standardize where the information should be. Another topic that came up was the difficulty to get download counts and usage numbers to report. These are unreliable numbers and may not be the best to track. It was suggested that it may be better to track the impact of software by assigning a value of S, M, L, or Huge, based on community size for users and developers. Other metrics that would be easier to get would include: number of contributors, stars, forks, commits, commits over time, and pulse. His goal is have a standard set of scripts to get data out of platforms from GitHub, Bitbucket, etc. and aggregate together to determine what metrics to gather to prevent different groups from doing the same things multiple times. 

4.	Next, it was asked how to keep him engaged. He responded with that he will be watching the website repo and we can mention him on GitHub. Also, it was asked if he could come to ORNL for a visit. He expressed that he would love to come for a visit to discuss things further. The team will work to arrange this visit.

5.	Additional questions were asked in the last part of the meeting. He was asked if he had seen the wireframes. He answered that he had seen the wireframes, but not the images yet. He will review the wireframes and let us know what he thinks about them. It was brought up that one of the largest stumbling blocks is the disconnect between what we can do directly on GitHub vs. doing on release processing. For example, one may be reluctant to post comments on issues without having review and release. There are people that are physicists, engineers, etc. that are not familiar with GitHub. There is a need to address this problem. It was concluded that this would be discussed further when he gets a chance to visit.

**Conclusions/Actions:**
 - Arrange travel for the team member to visit ORNL if possible  
 - Look at wireframes and provide feedback
