#20161221 Labs-HPC Requirements Meeting

**Date: December 21, 2016**

**Time: 12:00 p.m. – 1:00 p.m.**

**Agenda:**

1.	Go through slides about the new ESTSC
2.	Discussion 

**Proceedings:**

1.	The goal of the meeting was to introduce the members of the Labs-HPC team to DOE Code, answer and ask questions, and to get feedback from the team. The first portion of the meeting was spent reviewing slides describing DOE Code, its purpose, and goals. The current product, ESTSC, tracks scientific software and covers three classes: modeling and simulation code, code for data analysis, and control software. It is the centralized software management facility that licenses and distributes scientific software for DOE. The problems with ESTSC are that it misses most modern DOE software and does not offer a modern experience (still uses CDs and product is a splash page). A modern ESTSC would accept that about two-thirds of software is open source and growing quickly, that software is collaboratively developed through various social coding sites and software foundations, and that it is a social activity (i.e. hackathons, conferences). Work has been done on changing the name and branding for the new product and is called DOE Code. This is something that software developers can recognize. The new product will focus on enabling social coding, integrate researchers with data, publications, and software, create a complete picture by having papers providing the science behind the software, be open source and open to the community, host private repos that are not on GitHub, and have an open web API. DOE Code has a strong community backing with many requirements teams. The team has been on the road, presenting at the TACC workshop, Supercomputing 2016, and will be presenting at SIAM CSE in the spring. Requests so far have included DOIs for software, automating performance security scans, automating provisioning containers, metrics and analytics dashboard, search by B&R code and long-term support for old versions. Over time, the goal is to provide more and more information through the web API. The path forward is to complete the first round of requirements, refine the product, and to have version one of the product in about 18 months. When that happens, ESTSC splash page will run side by side with DOE Code to ensure a smooth transition.

2.	The last part of the meeting was spent asking and answering questions. The first question was about use cases for having to retain software (providing a copy other than what’s available). OSTI has a mandate to archive all STI for DOE. We will be archiving full clones and having regular updates. Other than that reason, other uses are for pulling old software versions and studying software. Next, a team member expressed concern of duplication of effort and services. The DOE Code team is trying to steer clear of duplicating services such as GitHub, GitLab, and others but to just link to them. The goal is to provide an aggregation service. A question was asked to step through the software release process and what would be done at the tech transfer level. It was answered that a researcher will first create an account login. Then, if they have an existing repo, then they will provide the link and we will scrape the metadata. At that point, notifications are sent out to tech transfer contacts. The process changes for grantees and depends on the sites themselves and whether they want to handle the submission themselves. 

    Next, a question was asked if the DOE Code team is socializing the effort with program managers at DOE. The DOE Code team is absolutely talking with the program managers and have received a lot of support from them. Another question was asked what this new service would mean for the day-to-day working life of someone who develops and if this would be a place just to go find out about resources. One vision for this project is to go to the source and be able to point to papers that back up the science behind the software and linking all of that information. A following question was asked if any project with partial DOE support should be submitted. The answer to that is yes, and that is supposed to be happening now. The goal is to provide a great service to make it easier and provide incentive to submit software. It was then asked on how the team intends to collect publications and other information to link to the software. OSTI already has this information reported by labs dating back to 1947. It will be very feasible to link these publications, data, etc. since OSTI has all of that STI already. 
    
    The next topic discussed was about how to keep the information fresh if people move on from GitHub, SourceForge, etc. in five years or so. This was one reason why people will be required to create an account with email addresses. If the link goes stale, we can email them. The other way is to make it easier to update. It was mentioned that if DOE Code can host private repos, that will take strain off of labs and that some labs have specific release numbers that they would like to maintain the association. The DOE Code team would like to streamline a file in the repos that has all of the metadata in it that someone can update. This would be one possible place to include the release number information. The meeting ended with plans for a follow up discussion in a few months.  
    
    
 **Conclusions/Actions:**
 
 - Discuss if/how we could maintain association with lab specific release numbers
